# Project 

# H1 Reflection

Throughout the process of creating my website and following the brief, alongside the helpful tutorial videos. Understanding the concept of html, and coding was always to be a mess at times. My original attempt of the Churchill House responsive website wasn’t how I predicted it to be in comparison to the design layout I had produced for the first assignment. I hadn’t followed the correct design layout because I made the mistake of misunderstanding the brief for the first assignment, which resulted in a different design that wasn’t within the guidelines of the brief. As a result, I had to scrap my original design layout and focus on the brief itself and who the audience is. Most of my draft sketches/codes will be shown throughout the development of my continuous uploads on GitHub rather than screenshots. Step by step I continued to add, delete, and adjust certain aspects of the website to work well. 

I wanted to follow up on the colour palette of the Robin Boyd website with the background, I’ve also went for a standard white colour for the paragraph text. Certain errors had shown up during text validation, however none of the errors were substantial, apart from a small error that did not need to be changed, however it was recommended that I did. Though upon polishing up my assignment before submission, I will decide if changing the font colour will be necessary. Colour was an important aspect of the website, to appeal to a more mature, and older audience of above 20, in contrast with the background, and heading colours, I believed the combination of them all work well in this instance of the brief example. The images alongside help define the paragraphs and pages. I’ve also included an extra photography page for viewing of more images. As of now, there is a limited number of photos in the photography page, however as is, should be enough to help further my quick depiction of how that page should be.

HTML, and CSS was never an easy subject to comprehend at times. Most of these challenges upon development of the website, came from purely understanding the language of HTML itself, and how flexible it is. For future reference, I do think it’s a matter of repetition and practice, along with trial and error attempts. The video tutorials provided on canvas offer such detailed guidance, and what works with a website, and what doesn’t. The small bits of coding that can affect and entire website is something I’ve grown to understand. For example, the margin, and padding techniques were something that helped shape, and define my responsive website. My original design of having the entire content focused moreover to the left side, had changed to a more centre focus. I believe that it worked well upon the responsive side of working across most devices’ sizes. As shown in the screenshot below, I was able to run different tests to push my website, and to learn what I needed to change to allow the site to function properly on all devices. 
